nexusmods-app: 0.10.2 -> 0.11.3 (#409206)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md

- `strawberry` has been updated to 1.2, which drops support for the VLC backend and Qt 5. The `strawberry-qt5` package
  and `withGstreamer`/`withVlc` override options have been removed due to this.

> - `nexusmods-app` has been upgraded from a version with an incompatible app state format. Before upgrading, you **must reset all app state** (mods, games, settings, etc). NexusMods.App will crash if any state from a version older than 0.7.0 is still present.
>   - Typically, you can can reset to a clean state by running `NexusMods.App uninstall-app`. See Nexus Mod's [how to uninstall the app](https://nexus-mods.github.io/NexusMods.App/users/Uninstall) documentation for more detail and alternative methods.
>   - This should not be necessary going forward, because loading app state from 0.7.0 or newer is now supported. This is documented in the [0.7.1 changelog](https://github.com/Nexus-Mods/NexusMods.App/releases/tag/v0.7.1).

Author: Thanks, that's definitely an improvement!

However one of the goals with updating the entry was to avoid specifying exact version. Doing so means updating the entry every time we backport, which @corngood suggested isn't ideal.

Would something like this work:

```suggestion
- `nexusmods-app` has been upgraded from version 0.6.3. If you were running a version older than 0.7.0, then before upgrading, you **must reset all app state** (mods, games, settings, etc). Otherwise, NexusMods.App will crash due to app state files incompatibility.
  - Typically, you can can reset to a clean state by running `NexusMods.App uninstall-app`. See Nexus Mod's [how to uninstall the app](https://nexus-mods.github.io/NexusMods.App/users/Uninstall) documentation for more detail and alternative methods.
  - This should not be necessary going forward, because loading app state from 0.7.0 or newer is now supported. This is documented in the [0.7.1 changelog](https://github.com/Nexus-Mods/NexusMods.App/releases/tag/v0.7.1).
```

Or do you not see an issue with bumping the release note each time we update the package?

>   - This should not be necessary going forward, because loading app state from 0.7.0 or newer is now supported. This is documented in the [0.7.1 changelog](https://github.com/Nexus-Mods/NexusMods.App/releases/tag/v0.7.1).

Reviewer: Your suggestion LGTM.
